[Music]
with friends Oh terrible it's not evil
to me we're zag so we place your worms
guys oh I just got I just got punished
oh my god already at least I know I get
to blow up a piece of Hitler today yeah
exactly it's not in this respect if
you're putting worms inside a man's
brain that you don't like yeah
exploding his head from the inside out
exactly
you right anymore you're always right
Hitler the Builder looks like he just
said character called incognito Meyer
what is it did you know that was violent
that's not me that's my I know we get a
look into how to make a custom worms
voice peg it's easy as hell do you just
take all the files I would say that but
go on
I'm sorry for saying it Age I just don't
think either swear with it is all or not
you're right I'm sorry I just don't
think it adds to it I think you can do
without it no you're right it's like
it's just the crutch I lean on one
laughing flash that's what you get for
stealing my team man you embarrass that
was good actually it was a double agent
six feet below bar Daniel oh my check my
flow Marv this is a bad idea for you to
make such a powerful enemy at a time
like this you know six feet below Mar is
actually my favorite of all you know six
feet below mara already got a raw deal
on life do this to him
Tomer if I was you I'd be afraid to even
like look right I bet doing that will
make you full cause if I was you'd be
afraid to leave your [__] house after
the stable elongated worm not before I
guessed in a few videos I feel like
there's a good pun you can make for this
level someone think of like Mount
Rushmore but changed to like Mount
Hitler or something then what situation
does that happen that's just what this
level should be called the sacrum oh I
see you say this is that right Lord
there's a little Thomas Jefferson the
shoulder of like three Thomas
Jefferson's look directions it's
Washington Lincoln Jefferson and Teddy
Roosevelt that's it right that's a weird
[__] group I thought it was um it was
Stallone Statham Schwarzenegger I would
love that an Expendables Mount Rushmore
this is for Simpson women that chase
Trump around the White House women show
the clip of the four Simpson women
chasing Trump around
they shouldn't be in America there
shouldn't be in a bear a car yeah Barry
they shouldn't be in there
no one but me in America Loomer
edgington's gonna get his revenge that
pissed me right the [__] off I bet I
guarantee you at some point someone's
gonna tweet at us
I need my hamster after one of your
worms gonna be like 6 feet below Mars
some [__] easiest I just realized they
[__] up on that render on the the
furthest left hit lure there's a little
space between his collar it looks like
oh yeah that's it's just cuz it's black
right yeah are you going after and God
meet Omar you're not supposed to see me
what I'm doing cuz I'm incognito I
haven't got snot why it's a fraud Toto
vote Omar open zucchet Leto vote it goes
are like the [__] soap road and stuff
he I think this road got shut down like
it like like years ago yeah but I dunno
it's been scientifically prominent of
you if you go whatever it can never
track you nobody can ever tell what
you're doing
poor check my flow Meyer you're so right
The Revenge of use a home are you think
there's ever gonna be an addictive drug
that when you take it you start
shrinking really hard it is like besides
he once was do you have any tiny dude
yeah I'm bringing over tiny tonight
would you think drove her that that
[__] Matt Damon movie where he
becomes little and then his wife doesn't
become little Zoe link yeah a little man
know he like falls in love with like a
one-legged Vietnamese woman and then
joins a cult and that's the movie no
downsizing movie yes we physically
shrieks down in the film yeah he
physically shrinks down and they shave
him bald and then he's a little naked
man
uh for flan yeah but why did they make
that movie is what I'm asking Oh nobody
had fun making that somebody's kid had
that idea like some executives kid was
like what if there was a movie where
they made them little because things
would be cheaper if you were little and
then your money goes further but done um
Matt Damon anyway point is when I was
getting at ya know that's that somebody
told me about this movie and I didn't
believe it was real and then I watched
it Oh walking God no spitting worm grief
oh I thought this is a grieving worm a
greedy word would be good one no little
flipper wait how'd you do a backflip
like that if you tap backspace he does
it I found out I thought it was double
enter like the second game dude that is
okay I was about to get really [__]
mad there dude I'm just getting [__]
rocked this game but second and third
Hitler's have finally been separated
become enemies finally separated at
birth this this this is this is a very
dangerous procedure we're doing here I
feel like that's this primordial as you
can get if you're separated by water you
hate each other that's like human nature
that's like yeah if I saw if I saw you
standing over a pond you didn't know me
you'd be like that's the guy from the
other side I hate that [__] guy got
either side the part that would kill the
rock I just make sense oh whatever you
do don't hurt that little Hitler let's
see I'm gonna I'm gonna try something a
little trickier this is your domain son
of a bee you son of a bee look on top of
it elongated well you're gonna hit them
I don't know if there's any chance of
this you almost knocked off in what you
would have had to shoot that straight up
into the air for that - yeah no I I'm
working with a very small space no holy
force actually shot the ground for
beneath you oh well you know what's
happening my neck use a hoe Myers next
turn
hey slash remember what you did you
remember what you did slash hmm didn't
do anything to you last time
no I'm kidding I actually have a problem
with you we've always been kind of cool
down here I'm going an adventure
definitely he definitely tried hitting
you off and killing you I don't know why
you're listening to Lyle no slash has
changed hearts and minds whoa yes
quickly we forget how quickly we when a
baseball bat Chris not come on by the
way Zacks doing the best you should
really be targeting him yes every time
Krissy started divided so that we go
after each other there is clearly a head
okay then you kill you will not divide
me oh that's [__] evil I'll remember
that those are some of the funniest
videos ever oh [__] that was wonderful
have you ever seen that video of that
woman recording her sprinklered she sees
a rainbow and she's like the
government's putting stuff in the water
that's like the classic video of like I
got a conspiracy nut
we as a nation have got myself what the
hell is going on I love the video I
think she's on to something by the way
she has a point it really shouldn't be a
damn rainbow you're drinking water I
guess there should classic Lib [__]
Hollywood elite to avoid
saying every about a [__] of a rainbow a
little water you [__] Pig it's a
property of water it's pathetic
Oh baby that's some big-city folk up
there you have a red board your water
switches for results water oh [__] you
could have aimed up you still can you
have changed your aim I don't know man
oh you killed him I killed myself too I
think Oh a transitive property no I
didn't I think I have that exact same
weird what worm head is my tombstone
worm head I understand I understand
Boris is looking very fragile please I
understand the plight that you you'd
kill me if I did kill you I'm sorry
George talk you there so you guys could
both assume that I was talking about the
other one
no we both assumed you're you were
talking about both of us this is what
you could also be you girls to assume
that you can know the most famous moral
quandaries don't worry don't worry tour
I have the richest dressed worm who's
got a hundred elf I'm not going for you
a little guy the worst word is
distressed look he's destroyed I'm not
going to hurt you
underdog no well he's gonna drive that
hole I just wanted to get a little uh
you know what am I doing here you got 13
seconds Chris walk nice Oh incognito
Marv as long as spitty worm lives which
i think he will you will
spitting worm will barely have but he
will live hmm elf what's use a home are
the charred remains talk I think I'm
gonna don't wear I like your side now
kill Chris he's in the lead I can hear
you pondering evil thought oh oh yeah
that was them that was the biggest
mistake of your career and save your
reckoning go maja is that your last
right there yeah that's my last worm
right there the [__] are you doing the
Pinocchio's ain't doing well that
airstrikes gonna come in from the left
it looks like you know oh how did you
know that is very bitty the the head it
never goes like straight down I feel
like if you press ENTER while you're
selecting the airstrike it lets you
change directions but I'm not sure
though does it let you change the
direction oh okay fine don't test it oh
my god there's a lot of pain you brought
to Lou merchants family you [__] rat
you [__] know I [__] you like that
winds on your side [__] mob will say
we'll see if you get the chance
I am undecided if he said Hitler's head
six full of art well Omar's gonna be
next shook this out it will be way
radical whoa 36 yeah no I got just
[__] by the game I think that wasn't
fair it's not fair at all
you don't know that as vertical as you
can if you want okay
oh he's gonna all right through Hitler's
neck oh yeah oh wow yeah one calorie of
drones oh man Wow Wow doing a move that
a toddler could do that's that oh I'm
sorry I can't hear you over your work
growling how well you up the road
mmm do you deal with that [__]
elongated worm among your ranks I think
I might
I think uppercut him it would just
affect him yes now now who do you think
he's gonna kill next
usually though I had to go for one of
his you were bones gonna [__] me next I
wasn't gonna [__] you know what it
killed me I could tell I could just say
I would if I wouldn't if I wouldn't [__]
you I know what it felt really [__]
good but I would have done it no no no
no no peace treaty peace treaty dude
peace treaty dude okay okay but you have
four guys alive so I don't think that's
- to power you don't want to [__] with a
superpower well the trigger dude you've
only got 24 seconds left oh you've made
a strong enemy tomar made a slightly
weaker enemy now I only have one guy and
you have to cycle between three so we'll
see if that master gets a chance let's a
chance he has a chance
Oh God I thought he was gonna board the
water
[__] me I loved you guys with your
[__] [__] move Scott it makes me mad
I'm not the superpower no more there's
not much I can do is waiting how in the
lead he's got a hundred health he's dead
he's [__] okay
he's [__] gone oh my god yep I was
winning
this sucks
well means just two guys just gotta kill
Tomer he trouble yours I don't know
about that I think you should go for
slack she's clearly in the lead no slide
same leave my shirt oh boy you know what
what's what kill sweats why are you
leaving [__] okay naturally has a napal
or slash I mean still has a napalm
strike so used it already you have an
air strike now I used that to used it in
a notorious evil move it was [__] up
what is this where is he trying to go
you tried to kill speed right no [__]
get you you little bastard
oh [__] I don't know what he's doing
no get up oh no I missed I completely
missed you [__] win not a single drop
that makes me so sad that couldn't have
been more perfectly bad actually I guess
it could have burned fat master that
would have been worse
that would have stunk y'all good night
fat bastard hey underdogs now and I'll
see you have two characters
let's know the other dog he's all
yelling Carroll now with only ten help
you're a cheater
you're a cheater I actually don't know
how I'm gonna get out of here
keep keep drilling yeah that's a good
idea
keep your drills are kind of snap to do
a grid you're following is like chin
line
yeah I've given him a sick chinstrap
you're properly decapitating the Fuhrer
honestly I don't think there's a really
a wrong way to do it as long as the head
comes off I couldn't agree more I
couldn't agree more this this music is
also very appropriate for this evil
stage what are you doing
this evil stage for a scale tool bar it
is Chris might as well try I'm freakin
terrified of you guys I don't even know
what to do
Chris I probably I promise my next turn
I won't hurt you I bet his next term is
gonna be spitting wear him anyway go
over here [__] coward [__] you what
else can I do
and the wind is totally against me all
right let's see where's that the Clichy
oh come on you dirty little bastard are
you [__] kidding why you why you so
mean to loom Redington why is that who
you're hunting here you're home whoever
did the music for this game is awesome
oh I think he might be dead holy [__]
oh [__] what's latch gonna do this time
what is slash gonna do I actually don't
know you can't really do is keep
drilling to get out of there and also go
go data to the left so it perfectly
follows his jaw
my okay let's yep you've severed the
head from the neck to gets translations
what will the fabled spitting worm do if
you do anything but spit I'm gonna be
very upset it's a good sound to do do do
do do do do is anyone else hearing this
cold music with these little little
Tom's I know I'm just awkward silence I
think it starts at the start of
whoever's next
it's really weird oh I see meeting these
very cool drum beats on my side someone
put in cool like bird ambiance right
here
that's ballroom
I'm gonna make damn well sure you guys
can't get you can try to hit somebody
Chris Chris you can treat you have to
kill your homework you angry little Cola
are you really just gonna waste your
turn putting up steel girders yes by you
if this lands oh are you trying to hand
grenade me no turn the hangar needs that
okay oh I can donut you still got you
holy fog a little singular flower in his
eye
okay that's a cute I think I can maybe
work with this flowers use your little
ninja rope right oh you're gonna fire
from there yeah I hope I don't just like
fire right at her level
damn it no good good i exhausted all my
options that let me [__] out of not
knowing how to [__] play this game
oh come on I'm survived by cowards 6dl
that's easy for you to say worm what
what Gustav don't work drill directly
down on top let's gonna say I think I
might be able to jackhammer and kill
them in one move it would be [__]
great let's see first we have to team up
to kill loyal now I agree
you can try yeah except you're both dug
in like you have your no position to
fight anymore okay
well that's down his head how he's gonna
give it up gonna kill Chris you guys use
you cowardly [__] air strikes on me
what can I use it now you're loud funny
yeah I know god we're just playing it's
only fun this should have ended your go
you [__] bastard of course I'm having
lots of fun Oh Union slash alright now
he's gonna under 25 health come on guys
zach break on through to the other side
we drills - it's all I'm [__] know
music use the jackhammer to get down to
his level real quick I already knew
about that you're given you given the
Fuhrer a cute little eye monobrow no bro
yeah a little lot of rough situation
now what am I going to do hmm hmm see
now the music I'm hearing is just weird
like frogs chirping and like and like
drip like water dripping frogs chirping
yeah what a beautiful day let's call
this chirping the waters are dripping
the birds are croaking loudly chirping
the wrong word for it I guess frog does
it's like a no it's not even that it's
like that was a higher-pitched I don't
know I still have this Twitter frog
sounds like wait why won't it let me you
have to go bother you'll deal right
above it go above it I don't know what
I'm just God you just got some mad slash
hell yeah yeah okay what the [__] am I
supposed to do
tire - your drill baby drill philosophy
take this for one how dare you that only
did 25 I didn't mind do 60 I still can't
believe that you greasy little [__] hole
you get him I got him but it only did 25
just you don't have any more homing Lyle
oh no I got no kind of anything
jackhammer though you could jackhammer
straight into his little cubby I think
maybe I can
this is stupid if you don't help him
with the gin or I'm pretty sure it would
just knock him out and kill him do what
you were doing my heart v4 not
immediately jumping I didn't really
recognize I hit up my dad a bit a long
time legally changed a couple years ago
kind of a crazy story
not as packed it into most - what the
hell kind of a maze are you making in
that guy you just cut the cartilage off
of his [__] mouth but nope okay guys
this is honestly just stupid
it's just sucks yeah Chris just hold
spacebar right now spacebar and don't
let go don't let go what kind of a
[__] bean mean thing is that to do
tomar what the [__] it sure is
yeah what is in here bonkers oh [__]
well
I thought me I thought you could turn
the direction you thought wrong least
the game's gonna end [__] faster what
is that ray look at Doug in the [__] do
I even like begin to deal with this I'm
just saying if you guys had let me live
a little longer at this game without of
you let you live they don't work
sweetheart wait
is this even worth doing like what I
don't know [__] alright that was too
much I think that was a good idea come
on Zack make some head spin I agreed you
I would do you have like any kind of air
strike live you could potentially knock
him off the side if you got it right if
you had air strike a monster big man I
wish I did I wish I had better news for
you I wish I may I wish I might have
this idea that sounds left because I
played you know mostly with my bazooka
I'm gonna have to come out the hard
old-fashioned way I've added drills this
may kill me but oh so I
oh it's put like way too much power into
it I've actually I hate what I like
punched you hard to kill somebody just
done one punch oh sudden death there we
go oh you guys are the spitting image of
two worms at war
that's a scary image you just gave me I
just need to break out of this [__]
thing oh did you just kill yourself hey
that was worth it that was totally worth
it mission how the [__]